It seems that you are still as pure and kind as you used to be
Landscape expert, what do you mean?
Look who I am
Qin Changan, why are you?
how
Are you surprised?
So shameless
In order to deceive me, I actually pretended to be a debt rate
What!
You mean I'm pretending?
Do you think you are pretending to be a war beast?
Can you get me?
Despicable support
What are you talking about?
Am I really handsome?
Still pretending you're hopeless
Don't try to find me in the future
Don't tell you not to worry
Please listen to me first.
You've been exposed, what else do you want to say?
I'm really handsome
Zhan Shuai please Chang'an
I'll show you the stop sign
And Zhao Shuling?
New town?
Do you think I'm a 3-year-old kid?
Do you think this is the ancient palace?
And the token
You just said you like me
Why don't you believe me?
I liked you
But I thought you were being honest
I didn't expect you to get me
Tell this big lie tomorrow
Are you still human?